forces have continued their overnight
raids across the occupied West Bank they
conducted raids in multiple locations in
Bata refugee camp they were met with
resistance Palestinian Fighters there
retaliating with gunfire and in taram
refugee camp Israeli troops damag
infrastructure Israel's intensified its
raids across the territory since the
Hamas attacks on October the
7th all right let's go to Zay basravi
who's in rala in the occupied West Bank
and zann similarly Relentless Israeli
raids in the West Bank what are Israel
Israeli forces hoping to
achieve well in the occupied West Bank
we've seen these raids exponentially
become more and more intense more and
more frequent since the October 7th uh
attacks and since the War Began
specifically to bring pressure to bear
on communities here in the occupied West
Bank while simultaneously bombarding
Palestinian communities in Gaza I'd like
to start by talking about something that
is happening right now in occupied East
Jerusalem a large military presence
raiding the shaat Refuge Camp we've
learned in just the last hour exactly
why they are there they are at the
family home of Muhammad Al zalani a
13-year-old who stands accused of
stabbing and killing an Israeli soldier
at a checkpoint in February now they are
there with snipers on rooftops soldiers
surrounding the home reportedly to
bulldoze and destroy at home a form of
collective punishment something that is
a major overstep in these kinds of cases
but has become common practice for the
Israeli government for the military in
dealing with any sort of Palestinian
armed push back or resistance and
especially in cases of these checkpoint
stabbing attacks that have become a
common and frequent form of resistance
by Palestinian communities here in
occupi in the occupied West Bank as well
as in occupied East Jerusalem um now in
terms of what's happened in the West
Bank overnight we've seen uh in the
middle of the night reports that
amounted to a coordinated large scale
sweep of across multiple cities with
soldiers making arrests burning Hamas
Flags opening fire on various
communities in cities including kilia
Jericho turm uh and Nablus as well as
Janine at least one clip showed uh
Palestinian Fighters pushing back firing
on an isra isi armored military
bulldozzer now those bulldozers have
become a common part of these Israeli
military raids digging up roads
destroying buildings in heon Israeli
soldiers detained a number of people
including two senior journalists as well
as women and family members of suspected
Fighters uh to try and force those
fighters to surrender themselves a form
of collective punishment yet again that
Palestinians describe as hostage taking
and blackmail to pressure suspects to to
surrender themselves to Israeli
authorities and in the roads in and
around romolo we also sought a great
deal of military activity overnight uh
soldiers uh raiding bers University to
round up activists presumably also
looking for armed fighters in that
University here in ramaa video showed uh
one person being shot loudly screaming
after that shooting incident uh it is
unclear what happened to the person in
that clip but clashes were also reported
around the University later this evening
we do know that they have left bate
University now this morning but the
raids that began in kilia the military
the Israeli military is still there zann
many thanks for the update Zay basravi
live in romala thank you